# ORIGIN OF HIJAB
The origin of the Hijab can be brought to Mohammed protecting his wives. The use of the hijab was to keep his wives safe from men whilst also displaying a sense of importance. His belief was that they would be viewed as more important with these symbols of status. Also, one recognized as Mohammed’s wives, they could be respected.
# ARTIFACT SIGNIFICANCE
The Hijab is an incredibly important artifact to women of the Islamic faith. A hijab works by wrapping it around your head in order to stop men from thinking sexually. According to Caitlin Killian, a professor of sociology at the Drew University states “veil has been used as a way of curbing male sexual desire”. This is from the thought that men would see women’s hair and think of how they would want them to use them in a sexual manner. However Killian also states that it is “resistance to standards of feminine beauty” so it is not a religious idea but something that is protesting the male gaze in a physical way. 
# CULTURAL
A study performed by the National Library of Medicine, we see that wearing the veil shows “an important indication of influences of cultural endogamy” meaning that by wearing this veil, we find a community to be safe in. This is no longer a religious idea, but a cultural one. We see that culture and religion often overlap as the product of people within that country or region using that religion for so long then becoming atheist and yet keeping customs they have always used.
# MORAL BOUNDARY
As we have seen in class, wearing a veil “ensures a moral boundary between men and women”. This means that we have a difference between these two genders and so there is reason to keep the women safe. Moral boundaries are about what a gender feels comfortable doing. If men are incapable of controlling themselves, a hijab would be necessary to feel safe and able to go into society. We have also learnt in class that “an intimate setting is where women are not veiled”. If this is true, we must understand the constant pressure a women puts herself in just to be a part of society. Finally, as she is by herself can she be comfortable.
# CALL TO ACTION
As a call to action, we should have a conversation as to whether these hijabs are necessary. If it is  a religious artifact used for women to be happy with what they practice, this is fine however if it is to oppress women, it should be thought of. Women should feel comfortable within a society that does not make them seen as sex symbols. We must allow women to operate how they want to.
